Dear (writer),

We are pleased to announce that we are interested in using your short (script name) as part of our Hurricane Anthology feature (HAF). 

As I don't like legalese,  here are the terms in plain English.  

You retain full rights to your original script, however we retain the rights to whatever adapted version we've filmed.  That means if you want to ship out your original to be made as a short, that's fine but any version adjusted for the feature should be considered intellectual property of the feature, as well as any video of it. 

If any interest is generated in producing a feature version of your short from HAF,  we will refer the interested party to you.  As far as we are concerned, it was your original idea and any business lead we get for you is your lead. 

Whilst we appreciate the rewrites as a helpful in making our final decisions, from this point on any additional rewrites may or may not be done by the author.  In other words, we retain the right to decide who writes what from this point on.   Most likely any changes will be made by Pia or myself. We will do our best to be respectful to the material and we will run at least one draft of the feature script by you - and hopefully get some feedback.  

In return you get either a (script name) ōWritten byö credit or ōStory byö credit.  It's your choice and your responsibility to let me know which you choose ¢ the default is ōWritten byö.   Note that there will likely be other authors listed in the ōWritten byö credit but your name will be first.  Be aware that there is a slight possibility that during the process of rewriting we may decide not to use the script in the final film, in which case your ōWritten byö will not be included in the credit, but if any part of the script is used then the credit will be present. 

You will also get two points on the back-end.  Which means two per cent of the net profit made by this film.   Net profit means the profit once all other expenses are accounted for.   This will likely amount to nothing but it may mean a few dollars for you once all is said and done. 

Lastly, you will get a copy of the feature on DVD.  

Finally, the agreement above does not in any way guarantee the film will be made.  So, wish us luck.

If you agree with the above email,  please forward this email to me with this document attached and state in the forwarded email that ōyou agree to the terms of the attached documentö.  Failure to do so promptly will result in reminder emails from me. 

And if you have any questions, let me know.

Cheers,

Michael  